INTRODUCTION
KPMG
KPMG in India is one of the leading providers of risk, financial and business advisory, tax and regulatory services, internal audit, and corporate governance.

Sprocket Central Pty Ltd
Sprocket Central Pty Ltd is a long-standing KPMG client whom specializes in high-quality bikes and accessible cycling accessories to riders. Their marketing team is looking to boost business by analysing their existing customer dataset.

Sprocket Central Pty Ltd has approached Tony Smith (Partner) in KPMG’s Lighthouse & Innovation Team. Sprocket Central Pty Ltd is keen to learn more about KPMG’s expertise in its Analytics, Information & Modelling team.

Primarily, Sprocket Central Pty Ltd needs help with its customer and transactions data. The organization has a large dataset relating to its customers, but their team is unsure how to effectively analyze it to help optimize its marketing strategy.

BUSINESS TASK
TASK 1 :
The client provided KPMG with 3 datasets : [Dataset Link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dOwrkB-zZCeQqYq1_R53ktdxSbLZO0PP/edit#gid=1356197457)

Customer Demographic
Customer Addresses
Transactions data in the past 3 months
Draft an email to the client identifying the data quality issues and strategies to mitigate these issues. Refer to ‘Data Quality Framework Table.

TASK 2 :
Using the existing 3 datasets (Customer demographic, customer address and transactions) as a labelled dataset, please recommend which of these 1000 new customers should be targeted to drive the most value for the organization.

In building this recommendation, we need to start with a PowerPoint presentation which outlines the approach which we will be taking. In powerpoint mention the 3 phases as follows — Data Exploration; Model Development and Interpretation.

TASK 3 :
Questions to answer :

What are the trends in the underlying data?
Which customer segment has the highest customer value?
What do you propose should be Sprocket Central Pty Ltd ’s marketing and growth strategy?
Specifically, your presentation should specify who Sprocket Central Pty Ltd’s marketing team should be targeting out of the new 1000 customer list. Create a dashboard for the client with the required details.

Check my entire project here : https://medium.com/@ART2024/kpmg-virtual-internship-project-182470c5408d
